with the CW for kids i opening robots on
cubics
an adrenaline rush of sonic acts
caffeinated tour charts on yu-gi-oh
zexal closing warriors on dragon classic
- you do this is your wake-up call every
Saturday morning
the CW for kids
Taichi chasers learns a new way to use
the Taichi Utah drawing towards one our
last round but this
chaser
this Saturday morning at 11 kids two
times in a town where robots outnumber
people
baby faces a madman robots for everyone
this Saturday morning at 7:00 on the CW
for kids on the next Yukio zexal were
you there for the first ever you're
watching the CW for kids
having some Dragon Ball Z Kai on the CW
for kids to here's what's happened
now that you're caught up test Dragon
Ball Z Kai this Saturday morning at 10
on the CW for kids you haven't seen
anything yet
I'll make a believer out of you
advising my
now there's an all-new Yukio with
something extra ukyo's Exel every
Saturday morning on the CW for kids
expert duelist
accelerating monster
action
what's the you do with something extra
to do zexal every Saturday morning at
9:00 on the CW for kids to die and watch
classic you do every Saturday morning at
9:30 on the next Yukio just one question
watching to die to die to die on the CW
for kids where a search for suits leads
to a showdown
cubics this Saturday morning at 7:00 our
ECW fortunes this Saturday morning the
saga Dixie - explosive / drop
can save the galaxy
huh gak's the mederic saga this Saturday
morning at 8 on the CW for kids inside